My name is Sandra Savard.
I'm here from Birchmount School
in Moncton, New Brunswick and Anglophone
East School District.
I want to talk to you, but our PBIs
initiatives, specifically our morning
announcements every day, in order
to keep our PBIs initiatives current
and fresh in the heads of our teachers
and our staff and our students.
We do a month, a daily
reminder of our bare necessities.
Each day we identify maybe an area
that needs a little more attention
or a little more focus, and we make that
reminder on the announcements every day.
For example,
we might see that the students
are getting a little noisy in the hallway.
So today's bare necessities
about being respectful in the hallways
by keeping our voice levels to a whisper.
What's been really fun here at Birch Mount
is that that used to be me every day.
Who did those bare necessities
or the reminders?
I identified the area that needed focus
and I made the announcements.
Now we've transitioned to our middle
school students who are doing
our daily announcements every day,
and those students have identified
the bare necessities
that need reminders, though.
So they'll say things to be like,
hey, Miss Virg,
we're noticing
there's a lot of trash on the playground.
We think our Bare Necessities reminder
today
should be about being respectful,
responsible on the playground
and they own that and do that every day.